Add an option to deny packages or groups of packages (#544)
actions/dependency-review-action: README.md

| `allow-dependencies-licenses`\* | Contains a list of packages that will be excluded from license checks.                                                                                                            | Any package(s) in [purl](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) format                      | none          |
| `base-ref`/`head-ref`           | Provide custom git references for the git base/head when performing the comparison check. This is only used for event types other than `pull_request` and `pull_request_target`.  | Any valid git ref(s) in your project                                                           | none          |
| `comment-summary-in-pr`         | Enable or disable reporting the review summary as a comment in the pull request. If enabled, you must give the workflow or job permission `pull-requests: write`.                 | `true`, `false`                                                                                | `false`       |

> | `deny-packages`                 | Contains a list of denied package's URL.                                                                                                                                          | Any packages [purl](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) without the version              | empty         |
> | `deny-groups`                   | Contains a list of denied groups package's name.                                                                                                                                  | Any packages [purl](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) without the version and the name | empty         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deny-packages`                 | Any number of packages to block in a PR.                                                                                                                                           | Package(s) in [purl](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) format            | empty         |
| `deny-groups`                   | Any number of groups (namespaces) to block in a PR.                                                                                                                                   | Namespace(s) in [purl](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) format (no package name, no version number) | empty         |
```
